Manual Install Guide for BDR-3969 (#5104)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5/manual/01-provisioning-hosts.mdx

Whichever [supported Linux operating system](https://www.enterprisedb.com/resources/platform-compatibility#bdr) and whichever deployment platform you select, the result of provisioning a machine should be a Linux system that can be accessed by you using SSH.

Each machine provisioned should be able to make connections to any other machine you are provisioning for your cluster. 
On cloud deployments, this may be done over the public network or over a VPC. 
On-premise deployments should be able to connect over the local network.

!!! Note Cloud provisioning guides

If you are new to cloud provisioning, these guides may provide assistance:

  Vendor | Platform | Guide
  ------ | -------- | ------
  Amazon | AWS      | [Tutorial: Get started with Amazon EC2 Linux instances](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/EC2_GetStarted.html)
  Microsoft | Azure | [Quickstart: Create a Linux virtual machine in the Azure portal](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/linux/quick-create-portal?tabs=ubuntu)
  Google | GCP | [Create a Linux VM instance in Compute Engine](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/create-linux-vm-instance)

> 

Reviewer: This table renders weird, likely because of the `!!!` below?
![image](https://github.com/EnterpriseDB/docs/assets/263427/49c50ea7-9a02-478d-b7a5-946adb6daf52)

Author: Further further investigation shows that the system sets a css class of table-with-scroll on a containered table so that will need some investigation.

!!!

## Configuring hosts

### Create an admin user

We recommend that you configure an admin user for each provisioned instance. 

> The admin user should be configured for SSH access using certificates. 

Reviewer: Not sure if necessary:
```suggestion
The admin user should be configured for passwordless SSH access using certificates. 
```

Author: Done

The admin user should have sudo privileges.

### Ensure networking connectivity

> With the admin user created, ensure that each machine can communicate with the other machines you are provisioning.

Author: I propose we leave that open till we actually hit someone who has that particular problem and can't resolve it.

> With the admin user created, ensure that each machine can communicate with the other machines you are provisioning.

Reviewer 2: +1 for some guidance (see comment [here](https://github.com/EnterpriseDB/docs/pull/5104#discussion_r1445655809) )

> With the admin user created, ensure that each machine can communicate with the other machines you are provisioning.

Author: Steals text. Thanks.

## Worked example

> For the example in this section, we have provisioned three hosts with Rocky Linux 9.

Reviewer: See my comment on `index.mdx` for the rationale behind this suggestion:
```suggestion
For the example in this section, we have provisioned three hosts with Red Hat Enterprise Linux 9.
```

host-one
host-two

> host-three

Reviewer: Please change that into a bulleted or numbered list, otherwise the names are printed next to each other.

Author: Done
